docs/database-schema-sqlite.md, before:

# SQLite Database Schema

This document describes the SQLite database schema used in the pg-press application.

## Tables

### tools
Stores information about press tools.
```sql
CREATE TABLE tools (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    position TEXT NOT NULL,
    format BLOB NOT NULL,
    type TEXT NOT NULL,
    code TEXT NOT NULL,
    regenerating BOOLEAN NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,
    is_dead BOOLEAN NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,
    press INTEGER,
    binding INTEGER,
    FOREIGN KEY (binding) REFERENCES tools(id)
);
```

### press_cycles
Tracks cycle counts for tools on presses.
```sql
CREATE TABLE press_cycles (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    press_number INTEGER NOT NULL,
    tool_id INTEGER NOT NULL,
    tool_position TEXT NOT NULL,
    total_cycles INTEGER NOT NULL,
    date DATETIME NOT NULL,
    performed_by INTEGER NOT NULL,
    FOREIGN KEY (tool_id) REFERENCES tools(id)
);
```

### users
Manages system users with Telegram integration.
```sql
CREATE TABLE users (
    telegram_id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,
    user_name TEXT NOT NULL,
    api_key TEXT NOT NULL,
    last_feed INTEGER
);
```

### trouble_reports
Stores trouble reports submitted by users.
```sql
CREATE TABLE trouble_reports (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    title TEXT NOT NULL,
    content TEXT NOT NULL,
    use_markdown BOOLEAN NOT NULL DEFAULT 0
);
```

### feeds
Stores feed entries (notifications/news).
```sql
CREATE TABLE feeds (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    title TEXT NOT NULL,
    content TEXT NOT NULL,
    user_id INTEGER NOT NULL,
    created_at INTEGER NOT NULL
);
```

### attachments
Manages file attachments for trouble reports.
```sql
CREATE TABLE attachments (
    id TEXT PRIMARY KEY,
    mime_type TEXT NOT NULL,
    data BLOB NOT NULL
);
```

### notes
Stores system notes with different levels.
```sql
CREATE TABLE notes (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    level INTEGER NOT NULL,
    content TEXT NOT NULL,
    created_at DATETIME NOT NULL,
    linked TEXT
);
```

### cookies
Manages user session cookies.
```sql
CREATE TABLE cookies (
    user_agent TEXT NOT NULL,
    value TEXT PRIMARY KEY,
    api_key TEXT NOT NULL,
    last_login INTEGER NOT NULL
);
```

### press_regenerations
Stores information about press regenerations.
```sql
CREATE TABLE press_regenerations (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    press_number INTEGER NOT NULL,
    start_date DATETIME NOT NULL,
    end_date DATETIME,
    status TEXT NOT NULL
);
```

### tool_regenerations
Tracks individual tool regenerations.
```sql
CREATE TABLE tool_regenerations (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    tool_id INTEGER NOT NULL,
    cycle_id INTEGER NOT NULL,
    start_date DATETIME NOT NULL,
    end_date DATETIME,
    FOREIGN KEY (tool_id) REFERENCES tools(id),
    FOREIGN KEY (cycle_id) REFERENCES press_cycles(id)
);
```

### modifications
Tracks modifications to tools.
```sql
CREATE TABLE modifications (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    tool_id INTEGER NOT NULL,
    date DATETIME NOT NULL,
    description TEXT NOT NULL,
    performed_by INTEGER NOT NULL,
    FOREIGN KEY (tool_id) REFERENCES tools(id)
);
```

### metal_sheets
Stores information about metal sheets.
```sql
CREATE TABLE metal_sheets (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    name TEXT NOT NULL,
    thickness REAL NOT NULL,
    material TEXT NOT NULL
);
```

## Indexes

### tools
```sql
CREATE INDEX idx_tools_position ON tools(position);
CREATE INDEX idx_tools_binding ON tools(binding);
```

### press_cycles
```sql
CREATE INDEX idx_press_cycles_tool_id ON press_cycles(tool_id);
CREATE INDEX idx_press_cycles_date ON press_cycles(date);
```

### feeds
```sql
CREATE INDEX idx_feeds_user_id ON feeds(user_id);
CREATE INDEX idx_feeds_created_at ON feeds(created_at);
```

### trouble_reports
```sql
CREATE INDEX idx_trouble_reports_date ON trouble_reports(id DESC);
```

## Relationships

- **tools** ↔ **press_cycles**: One-to-many (tool → cycles)
- **tools** ↔ **modifications**: One-to-many (tool → modifications)  
- **tools** ↔ **tool_regenerations**: One-to-many (tool → regenerations)
- **users** ↔ **feeds**: One-to-many (user → feeds)
- **users** ↔ **press_cycles**: One-to-many (user → cycles)
- **tools** ↔ **tool_regenerations**: One-to-many (tool → regenerations)
- **press_cycles** ↔ **tool_regenerations**: One-to-many (cycle → regenerations)
- **trouble_reports** ↔ **attachments**: Many-to-many through junction table (not shown, managed by application logic)

## Constraints

- All foreign key relationships are enforced through application logic
- Primary keys are auto-incremented where appropriate
- Required fields are marked as NOT NULL
- Data types follow the Go model definitions:
  - INTEGER for IDs and numbers
  - TEXT for strings
  - BLOB for binary data (formats, attachments)
  - DATETIME for date/time fields

Commit message:

feat: add database index removal script and update documentation
Added scripts to remove all database indexes for performance optimization during bulk operations. Includes both bash and Go implementations with proper documentation and backup functionality.

docs/database-schema-sqlite.md, after:

# SQLite Database Schema

This document describes the SQLite database schema used in the pg-press application.

## Tables

### tools
Stores information about press tools.
```sql
CREATE TABLE tools (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    position TEXT NOT NULL,
    format BLOB NOT NULL,
    type TEXT NOT NULL,
    code TEXT NOT NULL,
    regenerating BOOLEAN NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,
    is_dead BOOLEAN NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,
    press INTEGER,
    binding INTEGER,
    FOREIGN KEY (binding) REFERENCES tools(id)
);
```

### press_cycles
Tracks cycle counts for tools on presses.
```sql
CREATE TABLE press_cycles (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    press_number INTEGER NOT NULL,
    tool_id INTEGER NOT NULL,
    tool_position TEXT NOT NULL,
    total_cycles INTEGER NOT NULL,
    date DATETIME NOT NULL,
    performed_by INTEGER NOT NULL,
    FOREIGN KEY (tool_id) REFERENCES tools(id)
);
```

### users
Manages system users with Telegram integration.
```sql
CREATE TABLE users (
    telegram_id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,
    user_name TEXT NOT NULL,
    api_key TEXT NOT NULL,
    last_feed INTEGER
);
```

### trouble_reports
Stores trouble reports submitted by users.
```sql
CREATE TABLE trouble_reports (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    title TEXT NOT NULL,
    content TEXT NOT NULL,
    use_markdown BOOLEAN NOT NULL DEFAULT 0
);
```

### feeds
Stores feed entries (notifications/news).
```sql
CREATE TABLE feeds (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    title TEXT NOT NULL,
    content TEXT NOT NULL,
    user_id INTEGER NOT NULL,
    created_at INTEGER NOT NULL
);
```

### attachments
Manages file attachments for trouble reports.
```sql
CREATE TABLE attachments (
    id TEXT PRIMARY KEY,
    mime_type TEXT NOT NULL,
    data BLOB NOT NULL
);
```

### notes
Stores system notes with different levels.
```sql
CREATE TABLE notes (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    level INTEGER NOT NULL,
    content TEXT NOT NULL,
    created_at DATETIME NOT NULL,
    linked TEXT
);
```

### cookies
Manages user session cookies.
```sql
CREATE TABLE cookies (
    user_agent TEXT NOT NULL,
    value TEXT PRIMARY KEY,
    api_key TEXT NOT NULL,
    last_login INTEGER NOT NULL
);
```

### press_regenerations
Stores information about press regenerations.
```sql
CREATE TABLE press_regenerations (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    press_number INTEGER NOT NULL,
    start_date DATETIME NOT NULL,
    end_date DATETIME,
    status TEXT NOT NULL
);
```

### tool_regenerations
Tracks individual tool regenerations.
```sql
CREATE TABLE tool_regenerations (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    tool_id INTEGER NOT NULL,
    cycle_id INTEGER NOT NULL,
    start_date DATETIME NOT NULL,
    end_date DATETIME,
    FOREIGN KEY (tool_id) REFERENCES tools(id),
    FOREIGN KEY (cycle_id) REFERENCES press_cycles(id)
);
```

### modifications
Tracks modifications to tools.
```sql
CREATE TABLE modifications (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    tool_id INTEGER NOT NULL,
    date DATETIME NOT NULL,
    description TEXT NOT NULL,
    performed_by INTEGER NOT NULL,
    FOREIGN KEY (tool_id) REFERENCES tools(id)
);
```

### metal_sheets
Stores information about metal sheets.
```sql
CREATE TABLE metal_sheets (
    id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
    name TEXT NOT NULL,
    thickness REAL NOT NULL,
    material TEXT NOT NULL
);
```

## Indexes

### tools
```sql
CREATE INDEX idx_tools_position ON tools(position);
CREATE INDEX idx_tools_binding ON tools(binding);
```

### press_cycles
```sql
CREATE INDEX idx_press_cycles_tool_id ON press_cycles(tool_id);
CREATE INDEX idx_press_cycles_date ON press_cycles(date);
```

### feeds
```sql
CREATE INDEX idx_feeds_user_id ON feeds(user_id);
CREATE INDEX idx_feeds_created_at ON feeds(created_at);
```

### trouble_reports
```sql
CREATE INDEX idx_trouble_reports_date ON trouble_reports(id DESC);
```

## Migration Scripts

To remove all indexes from the database for performance optimization during bulk operations, use:

```bash
./scripts/remove-indexes.sh
```

This will create a backup of your database before removing all indexes.

## Relationships

- **tools** ↔ **press_cycles**: One-to-many (tool → cycles)
- **tools** ↔ **modifications**: One-to-many (tool → modifications)  
- **tools** ↔ **tool_regenerations**: One-to-many (tool → regenerations)
- **users** ↔ **feeds**: One-to-many (user → feeds)
- **users** ↔ **press_cycles**: One-to-many (user → cycles)
- **tools** ↔ **tool_regenerations**: One-to-many (tool → regenerations)
- **press_cycles** ↔ **tool_regenerations**: One-to-many (cycle → regenerations)
- **trouble_reports** ↔ **attachments**: Many-to-many through junction table (not shown, managed by application logic)

## Constraints

- All foreign key relationships are enforced through application logic
- Primary keys are auto-incremented where appropriate
- Required fields are marked as NOT NULL
- Data types follow the Go model definitions:
  - INTEGER for IDs and numbers
  - TEXT for strings
  - BLOB for binary data (formats, attachments)
  - DATETIME for date/time fields
